hey guys so today I'm going to tell you
when is the best time to open a box so i
opened a few more boxes today and i'm
down to one case sealed and out of the
boxes i opened i traded mostly i kept
mostly just be fetch lie as I trade it
out of into the hype um watches right
now extremely pricey I feel like the
cheapest you can get them is Steven
Adams has them for like a eat 110 or 105
but like you get shipping is on them
after you spying fat pack or you get two
hundred fifty dollars and you get maybe
a like a playmat you just get a lot of
free up playmats and because I ordered
national treasures if you guys know what
that is it's a very very expensive box
of autographs phone I used to do natural
treasures football but now i'm doing a
lot of baseball because i'm really into
baseball right now football was kind of
like I don't know like I'm one of those
people who like I don't like to see it
just seems like it's a lot of criminals
now like Aaron Hernandez i have e i
lived down here and he was one of my
favorite players and then turned out he
was a serial killer yeah unfortunately
couldn't go to you I Boston to trade in
my weight I do have a great I don't know
what I would trade it into um ya know
that one I honestly there's no player i
want that already have so when you talk
about the whole buy a box what is the
price of a box you have to look at RT r
RT r is the best example of a very hyped
set going down to eighty dollars a box
when I mean $80 box i don't mean in your
large for just me I mean he dollars for
everyone who wants it around Halloween
um you know comics heavy twenty percent
off state
which they normally has and the boxes
were hundred dollars they will they had
like 50 to 100 boxes and of RTR at one
hundred dollars each at twenty percent
savings and there was no tags on it so
they actually pay the tax I believe they
cover the tax for you they pay the tax
later you can get boxes for eighty
dollars cash as many boxes you want you
can get Japanese boxes for about 100
cash I feel like yeah and yes many boxes
we wanted and there's no problem there's
no lines it was no fighting and when
after the Halloween was over here they
were still in kind of box left and then
move the price at eat it off the bike it
actually had another sale another sale
and it will also sell me cards $42 a box
so currently they are selling it for a
home dosbox worth you promo and let's
see this one hundred dollars I feel like
it's 111 box with the promo $35 with a
fat pack I believe maybe forty dollars I
don't exactly know and that hundred
dollars will eventually on october on
halloween well do they always have the
twenty percent off sale the hundred
dollars will become like a dolla box
again so you guys still need this and
you can you are willing to pay pal me
over the money with shipping him stuff i
don't mind buying their extra boxes and
doing that for you guys mmm yeah i know
i don't think i'm lying doing that but i
know at some point at least for me i'll
be able to buys many of these boxes i
want for eighty dollars a box now I case
with five hundred dollars in case but
with bonus right with a lot of bonus
find odd case breaks down to what does
that break that too Eevee dodge much
more than a TV online 85,000 bucks 8750
a box actually but then again we got
like promos and stuff like that so if
this won't mention going out
down at least for me to eighty dollars a
box a halloween where I will buy i can
probably get even lower for case i'm
looking to get a case for I don't know
but don't worry guys now is like if you
want just open a box of fun now is not
the best time to do that because the
trading period over it I opened the ton
of this stuff when it's hot when it was
hyped when these like one dollar cards
or trading for five dollar cars trading
as five dollar cards and when these
planeswalkers are both trading at like
over $25 piece with fifteen to twenty
dollar land base and one or two dollar
uncommons yes that is the perfect time
trade them but what I want to store them
I'm going to wait for halloween for
there to be a sale on your local store
every local store I've never been to has
a halloween sale now they've haven't
always been twenty percent but they
really like 10 / 7 15 cent I mean aren't
going out of business sale groovy get
cokes Phoenix games every few moms and I
go now business the hell it was like
what's going on and i'll just buy boxes
and then they were just reordered of
boxes when the new business from the
same store owner happy again so wait
wait and i mean i feel like i can ship
this to you for 90 bucks if I x 480 cash
and then I maybe less I don't know but I
really don't want to end up like the
monthly magic box and not like what i
would do is i would delay a long time
speculate on it and then pretend is lost
if it goes up in price and then give you
a box of the really bad new set fate hi
guys
you